# Code owners for graphic_2d
[graphic_2d base]
.gitee/CODEOWNERS @lijj01
bundle.json @lijj01

[cross-platform]
rosen/modules/glfw_render_context/ @aslklw

[drawing]
rosen/modules/2d_graphics/BUILD.gn @ustc-tianyu
rosen/modules/2d_graphics/include/ @ustc-tianyu
rosen/modules/2d_graphics/src/drawing/ @ustc-tianyu
rosen/modules/2d_graphics/drawing_ndk/ @ustc-tianyu
interfaces/kits/napi/graphic/drawing/ @ustc-tianyu

[display-effect]
rosen/modules/render_service_client/core/modifier/ @xiaojianfeng_jeffery
rosen/modules/render_service_client/core/ui/ @xiaojianfeng_jeffery
rosen/modules/render_service_base/include/drawable/ @xiaojianfeng_jeffery
rosen/modules/render_service_base/src/drawable/ @xiaojianfeng_jeffery
rosen/modules/render_service_base/include/modifier/ @xiaojianfeng_jeffery
rosen/modules/render_service_base/src/modifier/ @xiaojianfeng_jeffery
rosen/modules/render_service_base/include/pipeline/ @xiaojianfeng_jeffery
rosen/modules/render_service_base/src/pipeline/ @xiaojianfeng_jeffery
rosen/modules/render_service_base/include/property/ @xiaojianfeng_jeffery
rosen/modules/render_service_base/src/property/ @xiaojianfeng_jeffery
rosen/modules/render_service/core/drawable/ @xiaojianfeng_jeffery
rosen/modules/render_service_base/include/render/ @lyt1024
rosen/modules/render_service_base/src/render/ @lyt1024

[IPC]
rosen/modules/render_service/core/transaction/ @hengming-wang

[animation]
interfaces/kits/napi/graphic/animation/window_animation_manager/ @comicchang
rosen/modules/animation/window_animation/ @comicchang
rosen/modules/render_service_base/include/animation/ @comicchang
rosen/modules/render_service_base/src/animation/ @comicchang
rosen/modules/render_service_client/core/animation/ @comicchang

[graphiccontentdisplay test]
rosen/test/render/render/unittest/transaction/ @graphiccontentdisplay